Support for userscripts without dev mode in Chrome (#43740)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/userscripts/index.md

To use this API, you need the `userScripts` permission and [`host_permissions`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/host_permissions) for sites where you want to run scripts. However, the approach to enabling the use of this API varies between browsers:

- In Firefox, `userScripts` is an [optional-only permission](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/optional_permissions#optional-only_permissions) declared in the `optional_permissions` manifest key. Your extension must check that the permission has been granted by checking the availability of the `userScripts` API namespace or using {{WebExtAPIRef("permissions.contains()")}} and, if not, request it using {{WebExtAPIRef("permissions.request()")}}.

> - in Chrome, `userScripts` is an install-time requested permission declared in the [`permissions` manifest key](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions). However, up to and including Chrome 147, users needed to [enable the developer environment in Chrome](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/userScripts#developer_mode_for_extension_users) to use the API.

Reviewer: The updated text suggests that the restriction has been lifted. That is not the correct framing here. The purpose of the documentation is to show that in Firefox the opt-in can be API-triggered, whereas in Chrome it requires manual user action via the browser's UI. Here is a suggested version (note that I dropped mention of "Developer Mode", as that part is mentioned eventually in the Chrome docs).

```suggestion
- in Chrome, `userScripts` is an install-time requested permission declared in the [`permissions` manifest key](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions). However, to enable use of the API, users must manually toggle its availability via the `chrome://extensions/` UI as explained at [Enable usage of the userScripts API (Chrome)](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/userScripts#enable-user-scripts-api).
```

Author: ```suggestion
- in Chrome, `userScripts` is an install-time requested permission declared in the [`permissions` manifest key](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions). However, users must [use the `chrome://extensions/` UI to enable use of the API](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/userScripts#enable-user-scripts-api).
```
